PR for SRVLOGIC-189: Added the installtion and uninstallation assemblies for Openshift Serverless Logic docs (#76488)
openshift/openshift-docs: install/serverless-logic-install-kn-workflow-plugin-cli.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="serverless-logic-install-kn-workflow-plugin-cli"]
= Installing the OpenShift Serverless Logic Knative Workflow plugin

OpenShift Serverless Logic provides a plugin named `kn-workflow` for the Knative CLI, enabling you to set up a local workflow project using the command line.

.Prerequisites

* You have installed the Knative (`kn`) CLI.

> * You have created a project or have access to a project with the appropriate roles and permissions to create applications and other workloads in OpenShift Container Platform.

Reviewer: Can probably simplify this (also use the attribute)
```suggestion
* You have access to a project with the appropriate roles and permissions to create applications and other workloads in {ocp-product-title}.
```

.Procedure

//Include the binary file once the developer provides the download link for it.

> . Download the latest `kn-workflow` binary file.

Reviewer 2: Last thing, working URL needs to be provided

> . Install the `kn workflow` command as a plug-in of the Knative CLI by using the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Install the `kn workflow` command as a plugin of the Knative CLI by running the following commands:
```

.. Copy the `kn-workflow` binary file to a directory in your PATH, such as `/usr/local/bin`, and ensure the file name is `kn-workflow`:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ cp path/to/downloaded/kn-workflow /usr/local/bin/kn-workflow
----

> .. Make the binary file executable as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Make the binary file executable:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ chmod +x /usr/local/bin/kn-workflow
----

.Verification
. Run the following command to verify that the `kn-workflow` plugin is installed successfully:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ kn plugin list
----
+
After installing the plug-in, you can use `kn workflow` to run the related subcommands.

. Use the workflow subcommand in Knative CLI as follows:
+
.Aliases to use workflow subcommand
[source,terminal]
----
kn-workflow
----

> +

Reviewer: Do you need to list this alias (it's in the output below)?

Author: Yes

> .Example output

Reviewer: What is this the output of? `kn workflow help`?

> .Verification
> . Run the following command to verify that the `kn-workflow` plugin is installed successfully:
> +
> [source,terminal]
> ----
> $ kn plugin list
> ----
> +
> After installing the plug-in, you can use `kn workflow` to run the related subcommands.
> 
> . Use the workflow subcommand in Knative CLI as follows:
> +
> .Aliases to use workflow subcommand
> [source,terminal]
> ----
> kn-workflow
> ----
> +
> .Example output

Reviewer: Wonder if the add-on to step 1 makes sense as step 2? i.e.:

```suggestion
.Verification
. Run the following command to verify that the `kn-workflow` plugin is installed successfully:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ kn plugin list
----

. After installing the plugin, you can use `kn workflow` to run the related subcommands.
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ kn workflow
----
+
.Example output
```

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="serverless-logic-install-kn-workflow-plugin-cli"]
= Installing the {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} Knative Workflow plugin

> OpenShift Serverless Logic Workflow provides a plugin named `kn-plugin-workflow` for the Knative CLI, enabling you to set up a local workflow project using the command line.

Reviewer 3: @kaldesai can you please add this suggestion? 

And also change `kn-plugin-workflow` to `kn-workflow`

> OpenShift Serverless Logic Workflow provides a plugin named `kn-plugin-workflow` for the Knative CLI, enabling you to set up a local workflow project using the command line.

Author: @wmedvede @domhanak Added these changes

.Prerequisites

> * An {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} is installed on your cluster.

Author: Removed
